docs: reference page for KeptnTaskDefinition (#1083)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/crd-ref/_index.md

---
title: CRD Reference
description: Reference information about the KLT CRDs
weight: 200
hidechildren: false # this flag hides all sub-pages in the sidebar-multicard.html
---

> This section provides comprehensive reference information about the
> YAML files that create the

Reviewer: I suggest to keep this consistent with the other description text for the other reference pages.
```suggestion
This section provides comprehensive reference information about the
```

but the format and content is still evolving.
We welcome your input!**

> Each CRD is an object of an
> [API library](../../docs/api-ref/)
> Keptn APIs follow the Kubernetes API versioning scheme.
> and are themselves composed of objects and sub-objects.
> By introducing CRDs, Keptn is extending the base Kubernetes API with new objects and functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each CRD is an object of an
[API group](../../docs/api-ref/).
By introducing CRDs, Keptn is extending the base Kubernetes API with new objects and functionality.
Keptn APIs follow API versioning conventions recommended by Kubernetes and are themselves composed of objects and sub-objects.
```
